# pythonproject
What question are you answering or problem are you analyzing:
I wanted to see if there was a correlation between the height of people in developed countries compared to developing countries. I wanted to see if the aspect of developed countries having better healthcare, nutrition, and education played a factor in the growth of their population. 

A brief overview of how you accomplished this, including any necessary background for someone to understand the problem, where your data came from, what you used from that data, any analysis you applied to the data, and what you chose to visualize/display/report in the final product:
I found my dataset from a trusted UK based newspaper known as The Telegraph, here is the link to the dataset I used for my project, https://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/maps-and-graphics/the-tallest-and-shortest-countries-in-the-world/. I found the top ten tallest countries of the world and their heights in meter. I then found the top ten shortest countries of the world. I then thought that is not enough data for the question I was trying to answer. I needed to find if these countries were developed or not. Therefore, I went to https://www.investopedia.com/updates/top-developing-countries/ to get my dataset of the developed and developing countries. I used sqlite3 to create a database and used panda to create a dataframe to read my cvs file. I then used the dataframe to create a table, and then ran queries to get the data that I wanted to be more narrowed down. I used the the results from my queries to create bar graphs using Matplotlib. I found in my results that out of the 10 shortest countries in the world only 1 was developed compared to 7 developed countries in the top 10 tallest countries. I want to further my research by seeing the type of diet that developed countries have that can also play a vital role in the growth of their population.

